All right welcome back my students on this lecture and I'm going to show you a couple more little tricks
here just in case you want to you know take our relationship off the polymorphic relationship.
Or you know just relate it in a different way.
All right.
So let's use Insert.
We need a picture for the for this.
So let's just sort of picture a quick and we could use or create method I think that would do the trick
.
Listy create.
All right cool.
We have a picture.
OK let's do something with it.
All right.
Let's create a route real quick.
And we're going to call this a signed sign like this hopefully I'm spelling it correctly.
Sign right.
All right cool.
So we're going to find this staff find or fail
and we're going to find the photo as well.
So let's do this though a different way of doing it.
And for ideas number three so we can do or fail here too.
Number three Why is this then we can grab the staff which is the main character here right.
We can grab its relationship and we can say save and what are we saving the photo.
Oh my God look at that.
But now I want you to do this.
We're not going to do anything here because we need another record to to to to show this demonstration
.
That's it sir.
Now that we're real quick you're going to call this another dodge.
B.G. if I can get it right that would be nice hopes.
Whoops my bad.
All right.
OK.
There's nothing there.
Let's see if it does anything.
And let's just put this right here.
So let's find.
Number four actually do that.
Let's come back here and sign enter.
Whoops.
It looks like it isn't.
Watch this.
This is all empty right refresh.
And now as you can see we get updated at that staff the image type image able to type in the image I.D.
everything is related.
All right except this because we did not create that picture.
All right we just updated it.
All right cool.
So what else can we do.
Well you could.
However if you want to create a custom method to attach photos if you know if it finds it on the cerned
they say you create a function call or attach or method attach photos like this and you can pass this
an array in whatever way you pass it.
It will Tasha's for us to it.
You can create a custom method to do that any sort of method and you would do this and say You model
of course and whatever methods you know whatever you put inside this function and you say that you could
put conditions saying OK if this idea is found within this model delete it and attached the new ones
.
You know I mean you could I mean the possibilities are endless Clarabelle allowable just makes it a
lot easier for us to create things like that or create really advanced functionalities.
But anyway let's go now and let's just do a little something a little bit different here for a let's
say on a site that's on the side one.
And what you can do with a polymorphic relation and leave this like this.
I think it's
a sign here we what we can do here to want to sign is that and let's use.
Copy this because I don't I don't feel like writing it right now since I already know how to write this
stuff right.
All right.
Well we can do is we can you know give it a couple conditions here to the least said cerned feels too
empty.
So for example if one is on a sign this photo is number four we say where ID is where here where ID
goes for.
Right.
Or we don't even I don't think we even need this for a year.
I
don't need that.
OK.
We're equals four in four rows.
I want you to update the fields fields that we want to update.
Well let's just pass an array here.
I want to or they image able ID
2 0 0 2 m delicious but empty.
And then I want to update the image a will type
to empty.
All right.
That's what we could do here.
All right that's my alarm to go guys because I have an appointment with a Chinese restaurant right.
All right so let's.
It's happening here unassigned.
Real quick on a sign enter.
That's refreshing.
And as you can see we've made everything 0 1 0 0 because this is an integer and this is not the here
because it's a string.
All right cool.
And then you can also make this empty because you know you don't want to have a they are available if
you just want to leave that picture along and have it available so you can sign the friend.
You can send that picture to another staff member later on or something like that.
OK.
So I mean the possibilities are endless you guys.
I mean there is.
Just be creative when you're doing these things and you should be good.
Anyway I think we're done for now and unless I get requests for some of the features and I'll see you
in the next lectures.